accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 17 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 63 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 65 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 95 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 104 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 122 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 162 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 177 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 188 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 204 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 206 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 228 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 321 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 329 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 330 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 335 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 342 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 368 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 422 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 423 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 449 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 451 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 452 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 509 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 521 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 573 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 593 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 598 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 603 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 615 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 632 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 636 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 651 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 805 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 812 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 858 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 870 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 982 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 1047 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 1293 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 1429 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 1538 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 1581 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 1775 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 1837 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 1838 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 2020 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 2120 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 2214 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
accelerate launch --gpu_ids 0 --config_file unconditional_generation/celeba_experiments/deepspeed_config_single.yaml unconditional_generation/main.py --dataset celeba --method retrain --excluded_class 2632 --mixed_precision fp16 --use_8bit_optimizer --gradient_accumulation_steps 1 --precompute_stage reuse
